# etermax-test

## 1. General Information

The game is written in .NET Core with a simple web UI built on ASP.NET Core, SignalR and React.
It features event-driven engine that processes events generated by players and broadcasts results back to them via web socket connections.
It also has unit and integrations tests built using XUnit and Moq.

## 2. Prerequisites

* .NET Core 2.0
* Node.js 6.11
* NPM
* Modern browser supporting web sockets (I tested in Google Chrome 63.0)

## 3. Installation

* download the source code
* cd KillOrHeal/KillOrHeal.Web
* install NodeJs modules (npm install --save)
* build the application (dotnet build)
* host the application as you wish (I used Visual Studio with IIS Express for development)
* in KillOrHeal.Web/appsettings.json, set the domain and port in the Communication.EventPublishUrl setting to your domain and port (events are distributed using that URL).
* run the application and open the root page in your browser.

## 4. Playing

On server start, game creates a board and N random players. When you open the page in your browser, another player is created for you. New players appear in random locations, with random level, combat type and faction.
There is no authorization (as it was not requested), the player id is simply saved on the page and used in the request. If you refresh the page, a new player will be created for you.
You can see yourself in green color on the board, enemies in red and allies in gray. Numbers reflect health of the players.
Press left mouse button on any player to attack, or right mouse button to heal. You will see results of all your operations in the event log on the right.
Successful operations are broadcasted to everyone, while errors are broadcasted only to players that caused them.
